Announcing Rust 1.68.0 (#1088)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2023-03-09-Rust-1.68.0.md

for a more expression-like macro.

```rust
/// Runs a future to completion.
fn block_on<F: Future>(future: F) -> F::Output {
    let waker_that_unparks_thread = todo!();
    let mut cx = Context::from_waker(&waker_that_unparks_thread);
    // Pin the future so it can be polled.
    let mut pinned_future = pin!(future);
    loop {
        match pinned_future.as_mut().poll(&mut cx) {
            Poll::Pending => thread::park(),
            Poll::Ready(result) => return result,
        }
    }
}
```

In this example, the original `future` will be moved into a temporary local,
referenced by the new `pinned_future` with type `Pin<&mut F>`, and that pin is
subject to the normal borrow checker to make sure it can't outlive that local.

### Default `alloc` error handler

When allocation fails in Rust, APIs like `Box::new` and `Vec::push` have no way
to indicate that failure, so some divergent execution path needs to be taken.
When using the `std` crate, the program will print to `stderr` and abort. But
with `#![no_std]` and the `alloc` crate, it was required to provide a
`#[alloc_error_handler]` function, similar to `#[panic_handler]`, but that

> attribute is still unstable.

Reviewer: It may make sense to reword that, as the attribute is likely getting removed entirely. It's currently in FCP for removal: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/51540#issuecomment-1448404145

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#[alloc_error_handler]` function, similar to `#[panic_handler]`. Moving forward the plan is to treat running out of memory as normal panics.
```

Maybe something like that?

Reviewer 2: Posted a more complete rewrite in https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/1088/files#r1130197777 to incorporate this feedback, would appreciate feedback.

> When allocation fails in Rust, APIs like `Box::new` and `Vec::push` have no way
> to indicate that failure, so some divergent execution path needs to be taken.
> When using the `std` crate, the program will print to `stderr` and abort. But
> with `#![no_std]` and the `alloc` crate, it was required to provide a
> `#[alloc_error_handler]` function, similar to `#[panic_handler]`, but that
> attribute is still unstable.
> 
> Now in Rust 1.68.0, a default handler is provided which turns that `alloc` error
> into a `panic!`, which may be processed in a `#[panic_handler]` like any other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When allocation fails in Rust, APIs like `Box::new` and `Vec::push` have no way
to indicate that failure, so some divergent execution path needs to be taken.
When using the `std` crate, the program will print to `stderr` and abort.
As of Rust 1.68.0, binaries which do not include `std` will continue to have
this behavior. Binaries which only include the `alloc` crate will now `panic!`
on allocation failure, which may be further adjusted via a `#[panic_handler]` if desired.

In the future, it's likely that the behavior for `std` will also be changed to match that of `alloc`-only binaries.
```

Author: > binaries which do not include `std` will continue to have this behavior.

I think you meant *do* include `std`?

Reviewer 2: Yes, updated suggestion. Thanks!

Author: > Binaries which do not include `std`, only including `alloc`, will now `panic!`

My only hesitation is that we're not saying what it used to do -- although I guess that's empty/nonexistent on stable. Should we add that it wasn't allowed without `std` at all before?

Author: OK, fair enough.
